Add SQL Server page (#199)
GlareDB/glaredb.github.io: docs/data-sources/supported/sql-server.md

---
layout: default
title: SQL Server
parent: Supported data sources
grand_parent: "Step 1: Connect your data sources"
---

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD022 -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
# SQL Server
{: .no_toc }
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD022 -->

GlareDB supports SQL Server as an external data source. You can configure both single 

> tables and entire databases from SQL Server.

Reviewer: Personally, I'd remove the word `"both"` here

> tables and entire databases from SQL Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GlareDB supports SQL Server as an external data source. You can configure single 
tables and entire databases from SQL Server.
```

---
layout: default
title: SQL Server
parent: Supported data sources
grand_parent: "Step 1: Connect your data sources"
---

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD022 -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
# SQL Server
{: .no_toc }
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD022 -->

> SQL Server is able to be used as an external data source. Either an entire
> database or a single table may be added as a data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GlareDB supports SQL Server as an external data source. You can configure both single 
tables and entire databases from SQL Server.
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

- TOC
{:toc}
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> ## Connect a SQL Server database

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Add a SQL Server Database
```

> An entire SQL Server database can be added using the [CREATE EXTERNAL DATABASE]
> command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add an entire SQL Server database with the [CREATE EXTERNAL DATABASE]
command.
```

{: .important}

> > There are two equivalent formats. In both formats, `database-name` will be the
> > name of the database inside GlareDB. This cannot be qualified, and must be
> > unique across all other databases in the deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> There are two equivalent forms: In both, `<database-name>` will be the
> name of the database in GlareDB. This cannot be qualified, and must be
> unique across all other databases in the deployment.
```

> ### Database format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Database Format
```

```sql
CREATE EXTERNAL DATABASE <database-name>
 FROM sql_server
 OPTIONS (
   connection_string = '<connection_string>'
 );
```

> ### Database options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Database Options
```

| Field               | Description                                                    |
| ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `connection_string` | An [ADO connection string] pointing to the SQL Server instance |

> ## Connect a single table

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Add a Single Table
```

> Adding an external table can be done through the [CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE]
> command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add an external table with the [CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE]
command.
```

{: .important}

> > There are two equivalent formats. In both formats, `table-name` will be the
> > name of the database inside GlareDB. `table-name` may optionally be qualified
> > with a schema name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> There are two equivalent forms: in both forms, `table-name` becomes the
> name of the database inside GlareDB. `table-name` may be qualified
> with a schema name.
```

### Table format

```sql
CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE <table-name>
 FROM sql_server
 OPTIONS (
  connection_string = '<connection_string>',
  schema = '<schema>',
  table = '<table>'
);
```

> ### Table options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Table Options
```
